what respecting stubble house I had this
steel or I just again here my sons in
the shop for repairs and Majesties hey
Maxine
say hello to everyone to you all I am
the name
we're here to celebrate the best the
biggest and marrieds Christmas of all
the entertainment capital of the world
we're gonna kick off this holiday season
in a way only Universal Studios can pull
off the hit TV series community and not
coming show The Odd Couple
the spike hit movie franchise on
upcoming movies
mr. man can I borrow your eyes sure but
of course
so the wonders of Christmas are about to
get started in a holiday celebration for
every fool imparted on this 4th day of
December 2014
let the spirit of bridgeless trans esta
bleah green hair I hereby decree the
hula days are here let's celebrate
Christmas with a laughter and Cheer let
them rule bells chime on this special
day at Universal Studios Hollywood the
entertainment capital of LA
where's